# definition
The definition of home

Key Words: 1. A relaxing place. 2. Has good privacy. 3. Have good lighting conditions. 4. Integrate the hobbies and characteristics of households. 5. Multi-level utilization of space. 6. Diversified single-living houses.
  
  In my opinion, "home" should be a place where people can feel at home and relax. After working outside for a day, people who return home can take off their social masks and do what they want to do naturally. Especially on the basis of increasing social pressure, it is very important to have a place where you can relax completely. So on the basis of comfort, the home should have enough privacy to make people feel safe. But having privacy does not mean that you are completely separated from the outside world with a high wall. A good home has both privacy and good communication with the outside world. I think this kind of communication mainly lies in the good communication of light inside and outside the house. The sense of belonging that home can bring is also very important. When people return home, they can realize that this is their own territory and have traces of their own lives. Therefore, I think the home should not be a repetitive model room. The people who live in it should incorporate their own unique consciousness and hobbies into it. Privacy and sense of belonging are my definition of home. So I named the title: "Home", secret garden only belongs to you . It is obvious that my definition of home does not apply to everyone. I define the clients of my design as: young people who are undergoing advanced studies or have graduated and are participating in work; usually live alone, occasionally have friends or objects temporarily live, and do not raise or keep a pet. For this type of people, the home does not need to be big, only a place to meet the needs of relaxation.
  
# site 
The type of site I want to choose is a standalone site - very small residual site for a single, standalone residence. For example, the lawn in Liberty Park is surrounded by bus stops for easy travel, leisure and entertainment venues, and a good environment.
